WELCOME TO "THE LATE SHOW."
I'M STEPHEN COLBERT.
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
THANK YOU.
I'M EXCITED, TOO.
HAPPY ONE-YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF
THE MUELLER INVESTIGATION!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
YEAH.
IT'S SPECIAL.
SPECIAL NIGHT.
I GOT YOU THIS MONOLOGUE.
AND THE SENATE GAVE US ALL
SOMETHING YESTERDAY.
REMEMBER THE INFAMOUS TRUMP
TOWER MEETING BETWEEN KREMLIN
LAWYER NATALIA VESELNITSKAYA?
♪
( LAUGHTER )
SHE MET WITH DONALD TRUMP, JR.,
JARED KUSHNER, AND PAUL
MANAFORT-- OR AS I CALL THEM,
THE THREE COLL-OOGES.
( LAUGHTER )
WELL, YESTERDAY, THE SENATE
JUDICIARY COMMITTEE RELEASED
2,500 HUNDRED PAGES ON THAT
TRUMP TOWER MEETING.
2,500 PAGES?
MAN, IT'S GOING TO TAKE A LONG
TIME FOR DONALD TRUMP JR. TO
TWEET THOSE OUT!
( LAUGHTER )
NOW, THE DOCUMENTED PURPOSE OF
THIS MEETING WAS TO GET DIRT ON
HILLARY CLINTON FROM THE RUSSIAN
GOVERNMENT, BUT BOTH DON JUNIOR
AND THE PRESIDENT HAVE INSISTED
TRUMP SENIOR KNEW NOTHING ABOUT
IT.
IN FACT, DON JUNIOR TOLD
SENATORS, "I WOULDN'T HAVE
WASTED HIS TIME WITH IT."
BECAUSE DAD GETS ANGRY WHEN YOU
INTERRUPT HIS TOILET BURGER.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT THE TRANSCRIPT SHOWS THAT
AFTER DON JUNIOR SET UP THIS
MEETING WITH HELP FROM A RUSSIAN
OLIGARCH'S SON, AS YOU DO WHEN
YOU'RE NOT COLLUDING, HE
IMMEDIATELY MADE "A FOUR-MINUTE
MYSTERY CALL TO A BLOCKED
NUMBER."
AND EARLIER TESTIMONY REVEALED
THAT "CANDIDATE TRUMP'S PRIMARY
RESIDENCE HAS A BLOCKED NUMBER."
ALTHOUGH, IT COMES UP ON DON
JUNIOR'S PHONE AS "DEFINITELY
NOT DAD."
( LAUGHTER )
THEN, RIGHT AFTER THE CALL TO
THE BLOCKED NUMBER, DON JUNIOR,
CALLED THE OLIGARCH'S SON BACK.
NOW, I DON'T KNOW IF THAT'S THE
SMOKING GUN, BUT IF YOU STILL
BELIEVE DON JUNIOR, I WANT SOME
OF WHAT YOU'RE SMOKING.
( LAUGHTER )
BECAUSE DON JUNIOR CLAIMS HE
DOESN'T REMEMBER WHO HE SPOKE
WITH IN THAT CALL.
SURE, HE COULD'VE BEEN SPEAKING
TO ANYBODY BETWEEN TWO CALLS TO
A RUSSIAN OLIGARCH'S SON
PLANNING TO COLLUDE WITH THE
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT.
"HELLO, DOMINO'S, YOU'LL NEVER
GUESS WHO HAS DIRT ON HILLARY
CLINTON!
OKAY, GOT TO GO, I NEED TO CALL
THE KREMLIN BACK.
CLICK.
DAMN IT.
I FORGOT TO ORDER GARLIC KNOTS."
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I ALWAYS FORGET THE GARLIC
KNOTS.
AND THAT WASN'T THE ONLY THING
TRUMP JUNIOR DIDN'T REMEMBER
DOING.
WE COUNTED, AND TRUMP JUNIOR
TOLD THE SENATE JUDICIARY HE
COULDN'T RECALL SOMETHING, 186
TIMES.
OR, AS DON JUNIOR SAID,
"WHATEVER NUMBER COMES AFTER
185-- I DO NOT RECALL."
( LAUGHTER )
OF COURSE, SOME PEOPLE AREN'T SO
FORGIVING ABOUT MEMORY LAPSES
DURING TESTIMONY.
LIKE DONALD TRUMP JUNIOR, WHO
ONCE TWEETED, "IF YOU TELL THE
TRUTH, YOU DON'T HAVE TO
REMEMBER ANYTHING. --MARK
TWAIN."
TO WHICH MARK TWAIN RESPONDED,
"YOU'RE GOING TO JAIL. --MARK
TWAIN."
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
( APPLAUSE )
YEAH.
JUST CLEANED IT UP A LITTLE.
I THINK.
AND WE ALSO LEARNED FROM THE
SENATE THAT THERE WAS ANOTHER
TRUMP TOWER MEETING THAT WE
NEVER HEARD ABOUT BEFORE.
THIS ONE WAS AFTER THE ELECTION,
BETWEEN TRUMP OFFICIALS AND
RUSSIA'S AMBASSADOR TO THE U.S.,
SERGEY KISLYAK, WHO IN THE
RUSSIAN TRADITION, APPEARS
TO HAVE MANY SMALLER PEOPLE
INSIDE OF HIM.
( LAUGHTER )
YEAH.
MATRUSKADAL.
DON JUNIOR TESTIFIED THAT HE
WASN'T TOLD ABOUT THIS MEETING,
AND WHEN ASKED WHY HE DIDN'T
JOIN IT, HE REPLIED, "BECAUSE I
DIDN'T KNOW WHAT IT WAS ABOUT
AND I WAS SWEATY FROM THE GYM."
FINALLY!
SOMETHING I CAN BELIEVE.
DON JUNIOR BEING IGNORANT AND
SWEATY.
( LAUGHTER )
OF COURSE, THE WHOLE COLLUSION
THING IS ABOUT THE TRUMP
CAMPAIGN COLLABORATING WITH THE
RUSSIANS WHO HACKED HILLARY'S
EMAILS AND LEAKED THEM THROUGH
WIKILEAKS.
BUT DON JUNIOR WAS VERY CLEAR
THAT HE WAS NOT IN CONTACT WITH
WIKILEAKS-- MUCH, WELL, MAYBE A
BIT, TELLING THE SENATE, "I
THINK THE ONLY TIME I RESPONDED
TO THEM WAS, HEY, WHEN AM I
GOING TO RECEIVE THE NEXT LEAK?"
( LAUGHTER )
"OH, THAT'S EXACTLY THE
COLLUDING PART?
CAN I CHANGE MY ANSWER TO NO?
MAY I PHONE A FRIEND?
AND QUICK FOLLOW UP: MAY I HAVE
A FRIEND?"
( LAUGHTER )
SO HE MET WITH MEMBERS OF THE
RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT TO GET DIRT
ON HILLARY, HE KNEW WHEN THE
HACKED EMAILS WERE COMING OUT
AND HE WAS COORDINATING THE
TIMING OF THEIR RELEASE WITH
WIKILEAKS.
IS THAT THE SMOKING GUN?
IS THE GUN SMOKING?
CAN WE CHECK THE GUN?
>> AH, HE'S SO GUILTY.
HE'S SO GUILTY!"
>> STEPHEN: NOPE, JUST FIRE.
AND WHILE HIS LAWYER LOOKED ON
IN HORROR, DON JUNIOR CONTINUED,
"AND THEY WOULD REACH OUT ON A
FEW OCCASIONS, SORT OF PASSING
ALONG NEWS, HEY, YOU MAY WANT TO
TWEET THIS. "
AND THEN YOU WOULD JUST TWEET
IT?
IN THAT CASE, "HEY, DON JUNIOR,
YOU MAY WANT TO TWEET THIS:
WE DID IT, PLEASE ARREST MY DAD!
( LAUGHTER )
( PIANO RIFF )
BUT IT WASN'T JUST DON JUNIOR.
THE COMMITTEE ALSO TALKED TO THE
AGENT WHO REPRESENTED THE
RUSSIANS, MUSIC PRODUCER AND
WORST CASE SCENARIO SIMON
COWELL, ROB GOLDSTONE.
( LAUGHTER )
SIMON COWELL FANS HERE TONIGHT.
HE TOLD THE COMMITTEE THAT THE
OLIGARCH'S SON INSISTED HE HELP
SET UP A MEETING WITH DONALD
TRUMP, JR. TO PASS ALONG DIRT ON
HILLARY CLINTON, OVERRIDING
GOLDSTONE'S OWN WARNINGS THAT
THE MEETING WOULD BE A BAD IDEA.
AND IF HE THOUGHT IT WAS A BAD
IDEA, YOU KNOW IT WAS A BAD
IDEA, BECAUSE HERE ARE SOME
THINGS HE THOUGHT WERE GOOD
IDEAS.
THIS HAT, THIS HAT, THIS HAT.
( LAUGHTER )
NOT TO MENTION THESE VIDEOS:
>> HELLO ANDY PANDY.
I LIKE TO CONDITION AND
MOISTURIZE MY HAIR.
♪ OOOH OOH OOOH ♪
I CAN'T GET IT OFF.
>> STEPHEN: WHEN YOU'RE WATCHING
THE ROYAL WEDDING THIS WEEKEND
AND THINKING ABOUT HOW CLASSY
THE BRITISH ARE, ON BEHALF OF
THE PATRIOTS WHO DIED AT
LEXINGTON AND CONCORD, I WANT
YOU TO REMEMBER ROB GOLDSTONE.
( LAUGHTER )
NOW, PRIOR TO THESE TRANSCRIPTS
COMING OUT, THE TRUMP TEAM HAD
PLANNED TO USE THIS ANNIVERSARY
AS A TURNING POINT IN THEIR
CAMPAIGN TO END MUELLER'S PROBE.
IT'S A TURNING POINT ALL RIGHT.
YOU THOUGHT THAT PROBE WAS DEEP
BEFORE, MUELLER'S ABOUT TO GIVE
IT A FIRM TWIST.
( LAUGHTER )
HE MIGHT HAVE TO ROLL UP HIS
SLEEVES.
>> OH.
THE MAN TASKED WITH THE "TIME TO
WRAP IT UP" MESSAGE IS TRUMP
LAWYER AND MAN PRAYING TO LOSE
HIS JOB, RUDY GIULIANI, WHO
SAID, "WE ARE GOING TO TRY AS
BEST WE CAN TO PUT THE MESSAGE
OUT THERE THAT IT HAS BEEN A
YEAR, THERE HAS BEEN NO EVIDENCE
PRESENTED OF COLLUSION OR
OBSTRUCTION, AND IT IS ABOUT
TIME FOR THEM TO END THE
INVESTIGATION."
OKAY.
WELL, I'M GOING TO TRY AS BEST I
CAN TO PUT THE MESSAGE OUT THERE
THAT IF YOU START A SENTENCE
WITH "WE ARE GOING TO TRY AS
BEST WE CAN TO PUT THE MESSAGE
OUT THERE," NOBODY SHOULD
BELIEVE THE MESSAGE THAT YOU ARE
TRYING TO PUT OUT THERE.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
YEAH.
( PIANO RIFF )
(SINGING)
GIULIANI HOPES THAT HIS WORDS
WILL INTIMIDATE MUELLER, BUT, IF
THEY DON'T, HE'S PREPARED,
SAYING, "WE DON'T WANT TO SIGNAL
OUR ACTION IF THIS DOESN'T
WORK-- WE ARE GOING TO HOPE THEY
LISTEN TO US-- BUT OBVIOUSLY WE
HAVE A PLAN B AND C."
SMART.
NOW THEY'VE JUST GOT TO COME UP
WITH A PLAN A.
( LAUGHTER )
AND, LAST NIGHT, GIULIANI
EXPLAINED WHY MUELLER'S
INVESTIGATION IS POINTLESS
ANYWAY.
>> THEY CAN'T INDICT HIM,
CONSTITUTIONALLY.
>> WHICH MUELLER AGREED TO
TODAY.
HE'S GOING TO ABIDE BY NO
INDICTMENT OF THE PRESIDENT.
>> STEPHEN: NOTICE HOW NEITHER
OF THEM SAID TRUMP'S INNOCENT.
IT'S LIKE THE OLD SAYING, "IF
YOU CAN'T DO THE TIME, BECOME
PRESIDENT AND THEN CRIME, CRIME,
CRIME."
( LAUGHTER )
BUT GIULIANI'S DOES HAVE A POINT
BECAUSE THE JUSTICE DEPARTMENT
HELD THEY CAN'T INDICT A SITTING
PRESIDENT "SINCE THE NIXON
ADMINISTRATION," AND THAT WAS
"REAFFIRMED IN THE CLINTON
ADMINISTRATION."
YES, OUR TWO MOST INNOCENT
PRESIDENTS.
( LAUGHTER )
"I AM NOT A CROOK" AND, "I DID
NOT HAVE SEXUAL RELATIONS WITH
THAT WOMAN," IS NOW, "I AM A
CROOK, AND I DID HAVE SEXUAL
RELATIONS WITH THAT WOMAN, AND
YOU CAN SUCK IT!"
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
I'M PARAPHRASING, OBVIOUSLY.
DO WE HAVE THAT ON TAPE?
IS THAT A QUOTE?
AND GIULIANI BRUSHED OFF DON
JUNIOR'S MEETING WITH THE
RUSSIANS TO GET DIRT ON HILLARY:
>> THERE IS NOTHING ILLEGAL
ABOUT THAT.
EVEN IF IT COMES FROM A RUSSIAN
OR A GERMAN OR AN AMERICAN, IT
DOESN'T MATTER.
THEY NEVER USED IT IS THE MAIN
THING.
THEY NEVER USED IT.
THEY REJECTED IT.
IF THERE WAS COLLUSION WITH THE
RUSSIANS, THEY WOULD HAVE USED
IT.
>> STEPHEN: WHAT THE WHA?
DON'T ADMIT THAT.
YOU'RE THE DUMBEST LAWYER ON
EARTH.
( LAUGHTER )
"YOUR HONOR, MY CLIENT IS NOT
THE MURDERER BECAUSE NO ONE
WOULD GIVE HIM A GUN.
IF HE HAD ONE, WE'D ALL BE DEAD.
THE GUY'S A MANIAC."
LOOK OUT!
THERE HE GOES!
GET HIM!
( APPLAUSE )
IS HE GONE?
( PIANO RIFF )
MEANWHILE, BACK ON THE FARM, THE
PRESIDENT
CELEBRATED THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
OF MUELLER'S INVESTIGATION
WITH THIS TWEET --
"CONGRATULATIONS AMERICA, WE ARE
NOW INTO THE SECOND YEAR OF THE
GREATEST WITCH HUNT IN AMERICAN
HISTORY."
FIRST, YOU DO REALIZE THAT THOSE
ACTUAL WITCH HUNTS WERE ALSO
AMERICAN HISTORY, RIGHT?
( LAUGHTER )
AND SECOND, YOU DON'T NEED TO
CONGRATULATE US.
WE'RE NOT VLADIMIR PUTIN.
AND THIRD, CAN WE STOP CALLING
IT A WITCH HUNT?
THAT IMPLIES EVERYONE INVOLVED
IS INNOCENT AND MUELLER'S
ALREADY CHARGED 19 PEOPLE AS
WELL AS THREE COMPANIES, AND
SECURED FIVE GUILTY PLEAS.
FOR PETE'S SAKE, THEY ARRESTED
MICHAEL FLYNN AT THE TARMAC
J.F.K., WHEN HE WAS ABOUT TO
TAKE OFF ON HIS BROOMSTICK.
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
AND TRUMP TWOTE ON, "THE ONLY
COLLUSION WAS THAT DONE BY
DEMOCRATS."
"I DIDN'T COLLUDE.
YOU COLLUDED.
I'M RUBBER, YOU'RE GLUE.
AND AS STORMY DANIELS WOULD TELL
YOU, I DON'T USE A RUBBER ."
( LAUGHTER )
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
WE'VE GOT A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.